 Chelsea won this fixture 1-0 at Stamford Bridge back in May  to claim the Barclays Premier League title  with three games remaining.  Jose Mourinho's team had arguably done their best work  in the early part of the campaign.  A 14-game unbeaten run which took them six points clear  of the top by early December.  Here's Punchin.  Zaha now to provide the width.  Put behind by Ivanovic.  It is a first-minute corner for Crystal Palace.  He had a chat with Alan Pardew down in the media room  before the game.  He said they were going to take the game to Chelsea.  Hope they do, Tony.  It will prove to be a good one.  Palace fear no-one at the moment.  And Chelsea, well, they need to pick it up, obviously.  ...poised on the edge of the penalty area.  Here's Saka.  Palace get another corner.  Back there, Saka, who's arrived from Wolverhampton,  where he was top scorer in the championship last season,  his most productive season.  And he scored against Aston Villa last weekend.  Kale with Delaney for company.  Almost on the toes of Kurt, while the Chelsea goalkeeper.  In by Punchin.  Out by Ivanovic.  Picked up by Suarez.  Punchin coming back from an offside position.  Just where you want as well, an away side, Tony.  Just out in the opposition's last third.  Right in the early stages of the game.  Too many teams just come to Chelsea and just sit back.  I've really been looking forward to this game all week.  I think, really, Palace can give Chelsea a game this afternoon.  And, obviously, I think Chelsea are going to progress as the season goes on.  So, it's set up nicely.  ...Paris who began the season with a 3-1 away win and newly promoted Norwich.  Now Matic.  Hazard has got a problem here.  He just lost his footing, then.  Yeah, just a slight groin there, I think,  because Kabaye put him under a little bit of pressure,  tried to nick the ball, just knocked him off balance as he was dribbling,  and just shaking himself off a little bit there, Hazard.  Just looked like he strained.  We've seen off all comers in that left-back position for Chelsea.  Goal for him on his Chelsea debut last weekend.  Goal and an assist at West Brom.  Just what they needed, Chelsea, at freshening it up.  Some of them with a little bit of pace that,  aside from when he's got the ball, when he hasn't got it,  he'll get after it straight away.  And that's the cue for the rest of the team.  Van Rijks looking for help.  Willian has provided it.  Eventually he's dispossessed by Kabaye.  He's promptly given the ball to Matic.  Set free by Ivanovic.  Good play down that right-hand side from Chelsea.  Pedro eventually had his shot.  That's it.  I told you we'd be busy.  First goal of the afternoon has come at Anfield.  But not for Liverpool.  Manuel Lanzini at the back post.  Scruffy little opener, but West Ham don't care.  What a start.  He's back with Ivanovic and then he fires over the top as well,  but nice and sharp in that last third.  How much more business will Chelsea do  before the transfer window closes at the start of next week?  The link repeatedly with John Stones, the Everton defender.  Talk of the bid going up  from just over 20 million to close to 40 million.  Everton and their owner, Bill Kenwright,  making it absolutely clear that they're going to hold on to it.  Further speculation yesterday that Chelsea might also make a move  for the French international midfielder, Paul Pogba, of Juventus.  Such is the revolving door in football.  Julian Draxler's move from Schalke of Germany to Juventus  suggests that there might be an opportunity for the Italians  to reach the Champions League final.  The Italian coach says that it's a good move  to say goodbye to Pogba.  Kanban's today for all the Crystal Palace staff.  A lot of respect for Yannick Balassi's father,  who died last weekend,  but Balassi is on the bench for Palace again today.  Both his parents used to watch all his games.  Saka.  By the way, Palace are lining up.  Connor Wickham up front, really, the furthest up front.  He's the spearhead of the attack,  but there's plenty of place in and around him.  Saka.  He's battered to the slip.  Taking on Ivanovic.  Well, he's been gutted the last couple of weeks, hasn't he,  Ivanovic, in that right-back spot.  No doubt they'll target him today.  One-on-one situations.  A little bit unlucky here, Salah gets the ball to his feet,  tries to get to the dead ball line.  Twisting and turning, Ivanovic, but this time he defends well.  Gets his block in.  Palace have got that attacking option up there all around Wickham.  Palace have shown already this season  that they can be inventive with their set plays.  That is not the best example.  It seems very important when you have got that pace,  the likes of Saka and Zaha punching in the middle of the park there,  that you have someone who can supply the passes.  And the acquisition of Kabay has been outstanding.  He's the one who can see a pass that fraction of a second earlier  and obviously release those players that bit quicker.  They worked under Alan Pardew at Newcastle.  Wickham's challenge.  And you can see a little bit of a changing around  in those three behind Costa already.  You've got Pedro, Willian and Hazard.  They're going to rotate.  They won't be like...  Liking to get stuck left, right and middle, so to speak.  You'll find them rotating during the game.  He's really developed at Stamford Bridge in the last 12 months or so.  He made his Premier League debut at this time last year.  Fabregas.  Of course, initially gave Palace the advantage.  Good start for Palace, Tony.  We're only just coming up to the eight-minute mark,  but they've started really well on the front foot.  Trying to close Chelsea down.  They're trying to meet them high as well.  They're not allowing Chelsea to have possession easy in that back line.  Every time Matic gets the ball, someone gets around him.  Because Matic is the one that starts it off.  And they have to stop that supply.  That same towards Wickham.  And jumped by Matic.  Too many of these anymore, direct from a free kick.  But Sunderland have just come up with one.  Well, the away teams are at it again.  Jan Mbiya this time with a beautifully struck free kick.  But I'm guessing questions will be asked in the Villa defence.  Sunderland lead, 1-0.  This park and ventful fixture, which you saw in October of last year,  one which was marked by a couple of dismissals.  Delaney sent off for Palace and Azpilicueta for Chelsea.  And again, that was refereed by today's referee, Greg Thorson.  Yeah, and I think both the decisions were correct ones,  the two sending off, one for Delaney, obviously,  and Azpilicueta, his was a straight red.  But it was a good game of football, I must admit.  And I don't think this one's going to be any different today.  Nice change to Palace since then.  Will Wormack was in charge.  Almost taking a change of direction.  In the new year, when they turned to Alan Pardew.  Hazard, again by Zouma.  And now his old Barcelona buddy, Fabregas.  Pedro again.  This is where Palace has just dropped off now.  Just dropped off a little bit, but when Chelsea have got good possession,  then they have to drop off.  And you've got to stop Chelsea getting in between the lines.  Willian, the cross-court pass by Willian.  Fabregas, Azpilicueta for 1-1 at Villa Park. Penalty.  Great chance to respond. Haven't held the league long enough.  Lee Catamore.  With a ridiculous challenge. Giving away the penalty.  Sinclair, fresh from his goal-scoring exploits in midweek.  No problem. 1-1.  Diego Costa.  Lots of good Chelsea passing, but really can't get in between the Palace players there.  That's good defending, which is what they don't want, Palace.  They've kind of left them isolated against the two, Zouma and Keogh.  Even when they break play up, they've got to be brave and try to pass it out,  rather than trying to hit the front man straight away,  who's going to become isolated.  Wiccan, who scored for Sunderland here in the early part of last year.  One and only defeat in Ficulon Jose Mourinho's Chelsea,  or home defeat in his two spells as a manager in the Premier League.  This is his 100th home fixture, and to complete the symmetry,  it's his 200th game in the Premier League in charge of Chelsea.  But nowhere to go.  Sacco, dispossessed.  First shot on target from Cesc Fabregas.  Yeah, no real danger for the keeper there.  McCarthy, that was an easy one to pick up, but again, Chelsea trying to move the ball about.  Palace just got caught in possession there, but that shouldn't frighten them.  They've still got to play their way up.  Putting his shoulder into that.  Here'll be a Palace free kick.  That's a free kick which has irritated Jose Mourinho.  Sometimes I feel it's a little bit of an act down there for Jose,  and he's acting for his own purposes, the team, trying to show his commitment to the team.  I think this is clearly a foul.  Look, Willian just pushes into...  Well, that's clearly a foul, so I don't think we can have any grumbles there,  but just trying to show his commitment to the team and the course.  Trying to get them going.  Chelsea manager was saying this week that Chelsea are the team that everybody loves to see beaten.  Of course, and that's the huge mentality.  And by Hazard.  Well, he doesn't mind having a go, but he's not got that great a goalscoring record.  I think he's a super player for Chelsea, whether he plays right or...  right, left or middle in the three behind Costa, and certainly works hard, gets after the ball.  He's good on the ball, but that finishing shot or pass has got to improve.  He's a quality player, but the real top, top quality players are judged by their final ball  or their final strike on goal.  He's trying to claim a goal on the opening weekend when Chelsea were held here 2-2 by Swansea.  He was credited as a...  Federico Fernandes' own goal eventually.  So Jose Mourinho there trying to brush away a little bit of perspiration from under his eyes.  It is a hot and sticky afternoon in West London.  A spike this week for Wilfried Zahe, played 90 minutes plus extra time for Palace on Tuesday  when they defeated Shrewsbury in the League Cup.  Chelsea have had a full week to prepare, but they will lose a few from the training ground at Cobham this week.  As we do have another international break, it does mean that there is a very disjointed start.  The Premier League campaign does it with the transfer window closing at the end of August.  And then, no sooner have we got four fixtures out the way,  that there is another breather for two rounds of international.  That's why it was important to get off to a quick start, which Chelsea haven't done.  They did last season, and when you do get these stuttering starts to the season that we've had,  it's so, so important to bag a few wins early on and then just kick on from there.  They're in the bag, and then you go on.  But Chelsea have put themselves in a little bit of a position at the moment,  because you can't see City slipping up much of looking like they've got to win everything.  There you go, Costa.  He's very much on the periphery of the game so far.  Chelsea supporters have had their grumbles about when the squad returned for pre-season training.  Until the 16th of July that Chelsea started their preparations.  They went to the United States.  They were involved in the International Champions Cup tournament.  I find pre-season really difficult, especially when it's in European Championships or World Cup years,  and now these clubs are travelling far and wide.  They say they don't want too many games, yet they're travelling.  That can do you in alone.  There's Sacco.  Interesting, the teams now.  They let the centre-halves have the ball, centre-backs in Zouma and Keogh,  and they tend to sit in and around Matic, because Matic can run it that vital five yards.  I think centre-backs should take the ascendancy, like here, and run the ball in there.  Don't be afraid.  Then you can make more than a one-on-one situation.  Here's Pedro.  Support arriving.  Away from Pedro.  He used Ivanovic as decoy duck on the outside.  Ivanovic's charged up 30, 40 yards.  That allowed him space to come in.  When he comes in, you know.  You expect him, really, to be hitting the target.  You can see, as the ball's switched from Willian.  Watch Ivanovic, round the outside.  That allows him to come in on Soiree.  And I think McCarthy's just looking at this one,  hoping that he's not nestling in the back of the net.  He wasn't far away.  He returned to Barcelona on Monday to say his goodbyes.  They're making absolutely clear that when he draws a line under his career,  he will be welcomed back in whatever capacity he wants to serve the club.  Diego Kostinak.  Chelsea get their corner.  Good defending Delaney.  Got isolated in a one-on-one situation.  Centre-backs don't like being drag-wired,  but the important thing is you blocked the cross, and he did.  Matic in there.  Zouma in there.  Ivanovic ready to make his move.  We get so many of these crowded situations in the penalty area,  and Zouma's claiming a pen.  Was he fouled by Conor Wickham?  There he is, he's tussling for the ball.  I think that's a difficult one to give.  Zouma's trying to get over the top, trying to make the most of it.  For any referee to make a decision on,  no doubt that the shirt was being held.  Showing that he's not prepared to give up on anything.  I'm most unhappy that he was blocked off by Delaney.  Go out the full for Fischer with a tackle down,  but a touchline there on Edin Hazard,  and then Costa starting to try to get it going a little bit.  The game's getting a little bit physical.  Nothing wrong with that.  Hazard.  He's jumped away off the knee of Damien Delaney,  who's still getting involved with Diego Costa,  who's still got an argument with Kroos,  Craig Klos and the referee.  Well, it wasn't given, and you've just got to get on with it.  There's the foul on Edin Hazard, down by the touchline there.  Mourinho's on the pitch complaining.  And then there was a foul on Costa after that,  but just a block off, I think, from Delaney.  The last in the line of Chelsea Blue.  Helped away by Wickham from Zouma.  It'll be a Chelsea free kick.  Well, there is a needless foul, Conor Wickham.  You've got your opponent where you want him.  He's facing the touchline, Gary Cahill.  He's not exactly going to do a Cruyff turn,  and get at you, is he?  Just let him have it there.  He'll be giving away a needless free kick.  Short by Matic.  Willian.  And McCarthy in trouble again.  He's got to start hitting the target, Willian.  The only one he seems to trouble down here at the bridge  is those fans behind the goal.  Again, this is quite high.  He tries to do a little bit too much with it all the time, I think.  He's got to concentrate hitting that target.  He's the person who gets in the most shooting positions,  yet rarely does he hit that target.  One of those who didn't have too much of a holiday in the summer  because he was away  with Brazil on duty at the Copa America in Chile.  Brazil reached the quarter-finals before bowing out.  This guy didn't make the tournament because of the injury  which he picked up at the end of the last Premier League campaign.  Saka getting a dose of his own medicine from Diego Costa.  He's not moaning about it. There's the difference.  He'll accept that.  A hat-trick last week, and Callum Wilson has got another one for Bournemouth.  This is proper striking.  He needs something out of nothing.  Wonderful little overhead kick.  Hits it perfectly.  Dini Heepen looking at the assistant on the far side.  Scott Ledger anticipating a free kick.  Turned away by Courtois.  Real zip in the shot from Bakary Saka.  And Courtois had to react.  That's where they're going to try and exploit.  In and in behind Ivanovic when he's gone forward.  They break quickly.  Ivanovic is upfield.  He's got no option. He's got to shoot.  He goes to the near post.  Good save with his feet by Courtois.  The break was so quick, nobody could get up and support.  But again, dangerous from Palace.  Saka now almost on the goal line.  Morgi's on him hitting the target.  Normally such a good strike with the ball.  He has a good first touch.  But the volley's high and wide.  Seating the stands, and no more for John Terry today,  following his dismissal at West Brom last weekend.  Did you feel it was a red card that was warranted?  Yeah, I think it was like any other player.  I just think John got stuck on the wrong side.  He thought his starting position was wrong, Tony.  He'd just come at an unfortunate time after he'd been dragged the week before.  And then, of course, the press was on him.  Far from over, John Terry. Still a super player.  Cardi said yesterday that he feels that Palace might benefit  because regardless of what he does in the middle of the Chelsea back line,  it's his leadership qualities which Chelsea sometimes miss,  and his ability to organise at set plays.  Well, there's not many leaders, stroke organisers, around in the game now.  Palace's most consistent performance. Suarez.  That was a great passage of play from Palace.  Keeping it patiently at the back, exchanging passes,  then switching play, getting the cross in. That was some good stuff.  Pedro with the interception.  The pass for trying to pick out the pass for Willian.  Down by Zaha. Second chance and dead.  But surely should have done better with the first opportunity that came his way.  Well played, Palace.  That's great football down that left-hand side of theirs,  and the right of Chelsea. Ivanovic is having problems.  Kabay should score, Tony. Without a doubt, should put his foot through that one.  Sacco offside.  Zaha in the end.  Another goal at Anfield.  Not good news if you're a Liverpool fan, but terrific for Hammers.  Absolutely shocking defending right across the back from Liverpool.  Drops out to Mark Noble.  A true hammer, and what a really good finish it was.  2-0 West Ham.  Courtois either, but best chance of the game by far, and well played, Palace.  Missed opportunity for Yann Kabay,  who was frustrated in his time back home in France with Paris Saint-Germain,  having joined them from Newcastle United, where he played under Alonso.  What a game, and what a game.  Alonso, who didn't feature here or in the other game against Chelsea  in the UEFA Champions League last season, wasn't even on the bench.  Well, I think it's Jose Mourinho more than Alonso who's got the problems.  Alonso said he'd take the game.  Spoke to him, he said he'd take the game to Chelsea,  and he is a manager who's brave, and he doesn't mind a gamble.  Even when he's playing the bigger side, he'll always get a game from Palace.  They'll always have a go at teams.  Or indeed any Alonso team.  We've had a terrific start here.  Just coming up to the half-hour mark.  MacArthur, suggesting that that took a deflection.  Oh, good again. Zaha holding the whip.  Sacco comes in off the line, finds himself in a pocket.  Tries to cut across this one, but just ends up going straight.  Doesn't succeed in what he was trying to do,  but again, full passage of play, and Palace passing the ball well.  Sacco, an important summer capture for Crystal Palace,  having come to the end of his contract at Wolverhampton Wanderers in the Championship.  ...goals last season for Wolves,  and a full season because of his involvement in African Cup of Nations with Mali.  Matic, whipped in by Ivanovic.  ...it was inviting for Diego Costa.  Yeah, great cross, wasn't it, Tony?  It had the right pace and power on it, but it also had great shape on the cross,  but unfortunately there was only Diego Costa in there,  but a really good, whipped-in cross from Ivanovic.  ...face mask for an injury which he picked up at Manchester City,  where Chelsea were distinctly second best against the 2014 champions.  The 2015 champions, with a bit of ground to make up already, given their sluggish start.  Yeah, you can see it, and you can see it in this game as well,  that they're not really sharp.  They've had a couple of little passages where they've knocked it around quickly,  but you would say that Palace are as good as them at the moment.  Will he get the second chance? Can he do better this time?  Passing there from Chelsea, it's ended up with Gary Cahill, centre-back, having the shot,  and you'd be quite happy for that if the centre-backs are having shots from 30 yards,  but Willian, Fabregas, Costa,  they all passed up the opportunity, and it ended up with Gary Cahill taking the strike.  Chelsea have secured the championship with a win here against Crystal Palace at the start of May.  Fourth Premier League title with three games remaining,  and they've been top of the table since the end of August.  Fabregas, the slip.  Better from Willian, getting to the dead ball line, going past Zaha on that far side,  just showing it, and then going around him, corner to Chelsea,  but he had that sustained batter pressure that you normally see at the back,  and he's got it in the bridge when teams come down here.  Palace, and well-defended Gary Cahill against Wickham there.  Good ball.  Diego Costa, can't get Suarez out of the way.  It's just the first time we've seen Fabregas get his head up and try and hit Diego Costa on the angle,  where he just cuts across the ball and peels off the far player,  in this case the full-back, Suarez, but he defended it well.  Palace, you can see immediately that ball went backwards,  they were pressing after the ball, making it really difficult for Chelsea.  It's up again by Delaney.  Look at the middle of the Palace back line alongside Scott Dutt.  He's hitting balls in, Ivanovic, but there's only one man in there.  That's Diego Costa, and there's three defenders up against him.  Very difficult to pick him out.  Drones around Stamford Bridge are growing,  but are normally and failingly patient with their team.  Holding off puncture, Azpilicueta.  In the reach of Diego Costa.  I thought Delaney got a touch on this one.  It was a good ball in from Azpilicueta.  Good switch of play from Fabregas, he found Azpilicueta,  he's trying to curl it in.  I think it was just a little touch there, otherwise Costa gets to that one.  And that faintest of touches is just enough to take it off the foot of Costa.  You might be able to see it a little bit clearer in that slow-mo,  but there it was, just the slightest of touches.  Diego Costa had a brilliant start to his Chelsea career.  Suarez, Zaha, plenty of joy in the first half.  That's where Conor Wickham's got to make a definite run.  Zaha got to that dead ball line, he got his head up, but Wickham's not making a run.  Either they've got to go, check out,  or go straight for that near post.  He got stuck between, and that's when Zaha had to hesitate with the cross.  Try and make up the cross's mind for him.  Training ground routine, will Palace turn to here?  Dan has made his move.  Suarez, he has been charged down fairly by Diego Costa.  Senegalese full-back thought that there was use of the hand by Diego Costa.  Diego Costa, brilliantly saved for a second time.  Being happy that he allowed the first shot to drift straight into the net.  Aston Villa have come from behind and lead against Sunderland.  When you're hot, you're hot.  Scott Sinclair, his fifth goal in four days, and Villa do like playing Sunderland.  Looks like a good strike from Fabregas.  Pete McCarthy does ever so well.  Matic, now Matic.  Chelsea continuing to be patient.  Palace with everybody but Wickham behind the ball.  Matic, amazing run by Matic.  Finish letting down.  But he couldn't get the ball from between his feet.  He just couldn't get an angle on it to get a decent strike.  And ends up passing it to McCarthy.  This is the earlier chance. Costa had to shoot here.  Good strike, good stop-low down to his right.  And there's a combination of Dan and McCarthy to block the second one.  Good defending Palace.  And a good little run from Matic as well,  which unfortunately couldn't get any power in the shot.  Ahead for Connor Wickham.  There's a question about his participation,  because he took a knock in the ribs.  Well, here's the double.  Double save again.  One low down to his right and a second one yet.  And Dan got a little deflection on it as well.  Palace throwing the bodies in there.  Terrific defending.  Good stop, that is, low down.  Not once, but twice.  Perfect training ground routine for Kepa.  Down low to one shot.  Up across the goal and down low to another one.  Big shout from Alex McCarthy as well as he comes out to collect.  Kepa was playing in West London last season  with Queen's Park Rangers before they were relegated.